January 9th 2023:

  What is art?:
    - Random house dictionary defines "art" as the "quality, production, expression, or realm of what is beautiful or of more than ordinary significance."
    Others have defined art as something human-made that combines creative imagination and technical skill, and satisfies an innate desire for order and harmony.

    - 

    - At various times and places, the complex notion of what is art has little to do technical skill or beauty.

    - Also, how we interpret art is greatly influenced by our upbringing, education, gender, race, experiences, and economic status. 

    - Works of art do not always have to be created by individuals who percieve themselves as artists, Nor all works produced for an art market. 

  What is art history?
    In art history, historians aim to study art from the perspective of its original context of production and reception (those who formed the origninal audience)

    The work of art historians can be divided into 4 sections:
      1. assessment of physical properties
      2. analysis of visual or formal structure
      3. identification of subject matter or conventional symbolism
      4. integration within cultural context

    Assessing physical properties:
      - The most objective method of study for art historians
      - Requires a close inspection of the work itself

  Identifying subject matter:
    When we seek to understand the subject of a work of art we derive meaning intitially from two ways:
      - first we recognize and percieve "natural subject matter" by recognizing forms and expressions from our own personal life
      - Then "iconography" to identify the conventional meanings associated with forms as bearers of narrative or symbolic content

  Natural Subject matter:
    We recognize certain things simply by living in a world similar to that represented by the artist

  iconography: some subjects are associated with conventional meanings established at a specific time and place. Discovering these conventional 
               meanings is iconography. 

  Integration within cultural contexts:
    analyze the work through an embodiment of its cultural situation (economic, political context)

January 11th 2023:
  
  In class notes:
  
    Art - the expression or application of uman creative skill and imagination,

    typically in visual form sich as painting or sculpture, producing Works

    to be appreciated primarily for their beauty or emotional power

    ART = FORM + CONTENT 

    Always go beyong description - How did the author create meaning?

    ---------CULTURAL CONTEXT---------

 implied lines: lines we dont see, but follow with our eyes

 visible lines: can imply movement (perhaps add to composition)

 Space: even empty space can impliciate meanings

 Scale: the size in relation to a standard nomral size 

 Propotion: Size in relation to something else 

 texture: surface quality

 Actual texture: surface quality 

 Perceived texture 

 Movement can be created through: Line color, rhythm in repitition

composition: Overall organization of forms/ space 

Often incorporates multtiple formal elements
Content Analysis:
  - Story / Plot / Subject
  - Characters
  - Setting

  Point of view
  - Theme / Genre 
  - symbolism
  - Meaning 
  - Function 
  - Possible interpretations 


Janurary 13th 2023: 

  Old testament:
    The first section of the bible covering the creation of earth through noah and the flood, moses, and more, finishing with the jews begin expelled
    to babylon

  New testament: tells the story of the life of jesus and the early days of christanity, most notably paul's efforts to spread Jesus' teaching
  It collects 27 books, all originally written in Greek

  The sections of the new testament concering Jesus are called the Gospels


  The bible contains the word of God...

 There is no rule against copying an image of christ, there is a rule of creating an image based on interpretation

January 18th 2023 DISCUSSING GOTHIC architecture YEAHHHHHHH:
  "Gothic" was a perjorative name used during renaissance period to describe the art of the late middle ages

  Gothic art being with relation to the contruction of churches, has relation with religion

  Basilica - tribunal chamber of a king

    Basilica was used as a framework for churches

  Romanesque art (following the style of the roman):
    - Arch of constantine 
    - Saiont-Gilles Gard
    - Barrel vault
  
  (can be identified if the features are well known)

  Where and when did gothioc art appear? 
    Gothic style began in the mid 12th century 

    Gothic was urban art. cities were becoming prosperous when gothic appeared

    - Every city wanted to have its own cathedral, the most characterisic....

    Abbot suger was instrumental in the development of the gothic style of architecture 

  Introduction of the pointed arch:
    - originated from the middle east
    
    ROUNDED arch -> Romanesque 
    POINTED arch -> gothic

    The arch choice goes with the construction of the church and its formfactor
    A rounded arch is often part of building that are bulkier (has to do with how the weight of the building sits on the arch)

    Flying buttresses:
      in order to prevent the outward collapse of the arches...
      (almost looks like a skeleton comming out of te main structure)

    4 Features of gothic architecture:
      flying buttresses 
      pointed arches 
      ...
      ...

  Opus modernum ("modern work")

  Opus francigenum ("French work")

  in summary, gothic art is the use of pointed arches

  High gothic:
    developing the height of pointed arches
  Rayonnant Gothic/Radiant Gothic (1250-1370):
    Tendency toward the use of more and more stained glss and less masonry in the design....
  Flamboyant Gothic (Exuverant decorations - the artists started to play with the architecture once they got more proficient)
    Gargoyles:
      Gargoyles 
      Gurgulio (latin)
      (the practical use of Gargoyles was to protect the structure from water, as a way to sustain the cathedral)
      Apotropaic supposedly habing the power to aver evil influence or bad luck

    世界は残酷だそれでも、君を愛すよ。生きてるの方が死ぬより

  Stained glass windows meaning:
    Abbot Suger expressed the correspondence between the physical space of the church and its spiritual aim-
    to conduct the soul torwards the contempltation of the divine
    (cathedrals are an entire experience, not just a place of worship. There is meaning behind the element of light)


    The bright lights were used to express the glory of god, while the light streaming was used to represent the divine 
    in the cathedrals

    "Lux Nova" means "new light" and it specifically refers to advent of stained glass... 

    the images and statues on these churches established the iconography of moments of christanity

    Most of the gothic cathdedrals are dedicated to the virgin mary 

    The question you mainly want to ask is why?
      Why did they do what they did?
        How does that create meaning?

  January 23 2023:

    Aristocratic - courtly love was practiced by noble lords and ladies; its proper milieu was the royal palace or court

    Ritualistic: Couples engaged in a courtly relationship conventionally exchanged gifts and tokens of their affair 

    Secret: Courtly lovers.... 

    The interesting thing about this courtly love is how the women has a position of power; women were given a more 
    predominant role 

    Romantic can be traced to old french romanz, which referred to the vernacular 'romance' lagnuages

    Taking part of yourself in the aspect of beauty was part of the lives of an upperclass person 

    Nicola Pisano Pulpit (podium preists would stand on)

January 23 2023:
  Byzantine style (Before the gothic period) rejected the realistic forms..

  Pantocrator: "Ruler of all"

  The use of light in the Byzantine period illuminated the mosaics and figures inside the buildings (gave a sense of movement)

  maniera greca: "greek style"

  notice the gold background in meniera greca

  There are differences in Cimabue and Giotto's depiction of mary:
    most notebaly the breasts of mary are more visible in Giotto's 

  Holy figures usually have a halo aroudn them to symbolize that they are holy

  think about how you feel when viewing images --- again, look at the meanings


月が転生

Friday January 27th:
  After the death of saint francis, there was a huge shift of art production

  Christus Triumphans vs Christus patiens:

    Chritus Trumphas:
      Representing christ in a flat form, in his crucifiction
      Because of saint francis, the representation of christ is now in suffering and/or dead
      Portraying christ as dead humanizes him, makes him more relatable and allows people to find a 
      deeper connection

      The franciscans were like "oh he's suffering like me, im not alone"

      Currently, in cartholic churches, we only see dead chirst - there is barely any triumphant chirst

      Another change within paitens style is how artists like Giotta created an actual body people can view

Basilica Supre...

  The life of saint francis:
    .... found in canvas - already read it

どうしようかな。。。

Monday January 30th 2023:
  life of saint francis continued:

    Focusing on two scenes:
      Giotto - The kiss of Judas 1304-1306

      Judas' clothes are enveloping jesus, illustrating his corruption spreading onto jesus. 
      Look at how jesus is looking down at Judas, its like he is judging judas from above. 
      Judas is trying to reach up to jesus, as if he is trying to reach up to jesus - to reach to his level

      .... - Death of saint Francis?....

        In the painting, there is depiction of the devil using a face; the face possesses sharp features 
        The painting emphasizes that the devil is everywhere

Febuary 1st 2023:

  "AVE Gratia Plena Dominvs Techcvm"


